my name is Melissa magnet and i am from
cambridge ontario this is my entry for
human fire sweet or who inspired the
contest sponsored by tri cyclen lo I'm
inspired by every hard-working
responsible loving mother a mother that
takes time to teach and love their child
someone who helps point you in the right
direction for the choices that you'll
have to make as a child they never have
that guidance I was raised by a single
mother who have epilepsy that didn't
really care my two sisters and I were
left to kind of fend for ourselves I'm a
strong independent hard-working woman
because of all that I made the right
choices after I had made some bad ones I
knew that I could only help myself
because my role model wasn't going to so
I made the most of my life and I'm a
better person because I aspired to be a
mother a great mother I want to be able
to provide for my family the way that my
mother can provide for us giving them
opportunities and advantages that I knew
I would never get
so i would spend the money on going back
to school to better my life so I can
have a better future so I can provide
for my future family